# Fumblr - Stop fumbling with your [Tumblr](http://tumblr.com) themes

I loved [Thimblr](http://github.com/jphastings/thimblr) but it didn't quite fit my workflow. I wanted an easy way to manage an asset host for external css/js/images, and I also wanted to use Sass and Compass.

## Get started
    
Clone the project

    git clone http://github.com/pengwynn/fumblr.git <yoursite>

If you're using [RVM](https://rvm.beginrescueend.com/), we've added an `.rvmrc` file that sets the ruby version to 1.9.2 and the gemset to fumblr. Update it to be the name of your site and create that new gemset prior running `bundle install` to keep your gems from colliding.

    rvm gemset create <yoursite>

Once you've got the new gemset created you're ready to `bundle install`. Since we are in a brand new gemset, we also need to install bundler.

    gem install bundler; bundle install;

If you see output in your terminal like below, we're in the clear and can move on.

    $ gem install bundler; bundle install;
    Successfully installed bundler-1.0.13
    1 gem installed

    Fetching source index for http://rubygems.org/
    Using rake (0.8.7) 
    Installing activesupport (2.3.5) 
    Using bundler (1.0.13) 
    Installing chunky_png (1.2.0) 
    Installing fssm (0.2.7) 
    Installing sass (3.1.1) 
    Installing compass (0.11.1) 
    Installing daemons (1.1.3) 
    Installing eventmachine (0.12.10) with native extensions 
    Installing fuzzyhash (0.0.11) 
    Installing i18n (0.5.0) 
    Installing nokogiri (1.4.4) with native extensions 
    Installing rack (1.2.2) 
    Installing tilt (1.3) 
    Installing sinatra (1.2.6) 
    Installing thor (0.14.6) 
    Installing usher (0.8.3) WARNING: usher-0.8.3 has an invalid nil value for @cert_chain
    Installing padrino-core (0.9.10) 
    Installing padrino-gen (0.9.10) 
    Installing padrino-helpers (0.9.10) 
    Installing padrino-admin (0.9.10) 
    Installing tmail (1.2.7.1) with native extensions 
    Installing padrino-mailer (0.9.10) 
    Installing padrino (0.9.10) 
    Installing rack-flash (0.1.1) 
    Installing rack-test (0.6.0) 
    Installing shoulda (2.11.3) 
    Installing thin (1.2.11) with native extensions 
    Your bundle is complete! Use `bundle show [gemname]` to see where a bundled gem is installed.

Ok, let's move on ...

* Edit your theme in tumblr.html
* Add external assets in public under css/js/images
* In /public, rename `fumblr.example.yml` to `fumblr.yml`
* In /public, update `asset_host` in `fumblr.yml`

Crank up the server with

    bundle exec padrino start
    
or run under [Passenger](http://modrails.com) with something like `yoursite.local`

## Import your own Tumblr content

    padrino rake import

Once you're ready to deploy, copy your assets to your asset host and  paste the contents of theme.html into Tumblr.

## Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Wynn Netherland. See LICENSE for details.